# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.1.0
## Update 10/2/24
THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.1.0 downtime will begin at 12:30AM PT (7:30AM UTC) on October 3 and last approximately 6 hours. It includes bug fixes for UI, various settings, and more to help make your welcome into Solisium an even smoother experience. This update is not yet available on Xbox. We will post in our Official Xbox Club as soon as it is available to download. Check out the full release notes broken down by platform below.

## ALL PLATFORMS
Boss Effects: Mechanic markers should now appear more reliably under high visual effect counts.
UI: Guild Status will no longer have an erroneous 'Writer:#' appended to the text.
UI: Congratulatory Package will no longer remain visible on the shop UI after it has been claimed.
UI: Fixed controller D-pad becoming unresponsive after equipping an outfit in the Mirror Boutique.
UI: Fixed controller navigation in the Guild menu when searching for a guild.
Settings: When privacy settings restrict friend requests, these requests will no longer appear when relaunching the game.
Localization: Applied latest localization updates, including the correction of several untranslated strings in game text and voiceover.
## Xbox Series X|S and PlayStation 5 (Console Only)
Friend Requests: Requests can now be accepted if the other player is offline or in another world area.
## Xbox Series X|S
Graphics: Increased resolution of world map.
Settings: Fixed behavior of some UGC settings related to Guilds.
Settings: Players with restricted privacy settings will no longer see blank Whisper chats from blocked players.
## PlayStation 5
Graphics: Optimizations to reduce screen tearing issues.