# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.3.0
## Update 10/16/24
THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.3.0 downtime will begin at 10:30PM PT (5:30 a.m. UTC) on October 16 and last approximately 6 hours. Team up with other players to conquer random dungeons through a new matchmaking option. This update also includes bug fixes for localization, UI, and more to help make your next adventure in Solisium an even smoother experience. Check out the full release notes broken down by platform below.

This article has been updated to remove a loot change that will be present in the next weekly update.

## ALL PLATFORMS
### General
Character deletion wait time is now set to 24 hours after initiating deletion of a character.
Server transfer cooldowns are now displayed on the Server Transfer window.
Server Transfer cooldown time has been increased to 30 days between transfers, and the Server Transfer free ticket promotion has ended.
### Gameplay
Dynamic Events: Improved rewards for all Dynamic Event modes to better match the effort made by players during the event.
Guilds: Hunt-type Guild Contracts ("Defeat Various Monsters") can now only be initiated once per day. If completion carries over into a new day, a new contract will become immediately available.
Guilds: When Leaders leave a guild, leadership reassignment now checks in order of: highest available guild rank, highest available guild contribution, longest guild membership time.
Quests: The Terrific Trio of Carmine Forest: Corrected the map indicators for the quest area.
Arena: Players can no longer re-join completed Arena matches.
Crafting: Adjusted the crafting materials for Rare Blank Lithograph recipes. These no longer differentiate between Epic and Precious Enchanted Ink, and simply use 'Enchanted Ink' as a material (renamed Precious Enchanted Ink).
Fishing: Improved the 'hook' animation while fishing.
Customization: Adjusted some character customization options to keep eyes safely behind eyelids.
Tutorial: Fixed an issue where players could become blocked by logging out during the morph portion of the tutorial.
### Dungeons
A new matchmaking option will allow players to join a randomized dungeon from all available options and more easily fill groups. Players could previously only queue for specific dungeons.
Increased the bonus HP and Damage buff applied when matchmaking dungeon groups from 5% to 10%.
Adjusted matchmaking logic to attempt to form groups of similar power progression more consistently.
Party members can no longer be kicked from the party during active boss encounters.
### Localization
Corrected a tooltip text error for the Crossbow's Quick Fire: 'Damage Increase' skill specialization.
Corrected a tooltip error for the Staff passive ability 'Mana Amp' that incorrectly switched the HP and Mana values.
'Precious Skill Growth' books now properly indicate whether they upgrade Active or Passive skills.
Corrected a tooltip error for the Wand's Corrupted Magic Circle: 'Decaying Touch' skill specialization that claimed the skill applied to multiple targets when it does not.
Applied latest localization updates, including the correction of several untranslated strings.
### UI
Guild Contracts: Time to Next Contract now displays more reliably after completing guild contracts.
Amitoi, Morph Menus: Selecting the 'Only View Favorites' option no longer cuts off the bottom of the UI in some instances.
Party Board: Various bug fixes related to awkward or incorrect behavior of the Party Board display.
Party Board: Join requests now show the character's weapon types and guild information.
Manage Party Display: Various bug fixes related to the behavior of the Manage Party / Group Member UI.
Arena: Completing weekly missions now displays a notification, and the Arena UI will display the time until the next weekly mission refresh.
Relocated the Help button to the top right corner across multiple UI windows.
Moderation warnings no longer appear on each login once acknowledged.
Added details to some connectivity-related error messages.
Added a button to check name availability when creating or changing character names.
### Controls
Fixed some areas of the Amitoi and Morph menus that could not be navigated with the D-pad.
Fishing will no longer be cancelled by pressing the B key while in fishing mode.
Fixed a case where charged abilities could still fire after cancelling a long button press.
### PC
Temporarily disabled the ability to attach file uploads in character customization or support requests while we improve the file attachment functionality.
### XBOX SERIES X|S AND PLAYSTATION 5 (CONSOLE ONLY)
Added new settings for console clients to control which on-screen characters display visual effects (VFX). Choose to show all, only guild, only party, or only your own VFX while in combat through the new menu under Settings > Gameplay > Character > ‘Select Targets to Show Skill Effects’.
Fixed a case where players were unable to close the QR code popup.
Improved the quality of some tutorial textures.
Demon's Quest: Fixed an issue that prevented quest progression.
### PLAYSTATION 5
PlayStation-only servers: Party Matchmaking now only forms parties with other players from PlayStation-only servers.