# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.4.0

## Update 10/24/24

THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.4.0 downtime will begin at 10:30 p.m. PT (5:30 a.m. UTC) on October 24 and last approximately 6 hours. The Haunted Harvest will descend upon Solisium on October 25. Explore an event-only dungeon for sweet rewards, visit villages filled with spooky decorations, don themed cosmetics like the Wicked Enchanter or Grin Reaper outfits, grab Haunted Harvester's weapon cosmetics, and more. This update also includes bug fixes, changes to Field Boss loot, and more. Check out the full release notes broken down by platform below.

## ALL PLATFORMS

### Haunted Harvest Event

- Celebrate Halloween in Solisium from October 25 through November 13 (10:30 p.m. PT).
    - New seasonal Co-Op Dungeon added - Haunted Labyrinth.
    - New Halloween event-themed items can be crafted throughout the event.
    - Bonus daily login rewards during the Haunted Harvest festival.
    - Spooky seasonal music added to the following locations:
        - Kastleton
        - Purelight Tower
        - Starlight Observatory Ruins
        - Watcher's Post
        - Stonegard Citadel
        - Vienta Village
        - Sanctuary Oasis
        - Canina Village
    - The following items can be obtained during the event:
        - Currencies
            - Candy Corn
            - Dimension Pumpkin
        - Cooking Recipes
            - Spooky Pumpkin Pie
            - Pumpkin Spook Latte
            - Choco-Spider Cookie
        - Cooking Ingredients
            - Chocolate
        - Fishing
            - Red Gummy Fish
            - Yellow Gummy Fish
            - Blue Gummy Fish
            - Pumpkin Taffy
        - Check out our Haunted Harvest announcement article for more details.

### Shop Updates (available for a limited time)

- New Wicked Enchanter Bundle, including:
    - Wicked Enchanter Outfit
    - Wicked Enchanter Headpiece
    - Hexbound Figment Amitoi
    - (new cosmetic type) Haunted Harvest Night Profile Frame
- New individual items:
    - Grin Reaper Outfit
    - Haunted Harvester's Greatsword
    - Haunted Harvester's Longbow
    - Haunted Harvester's Daggers
    - Haunted Harvester's Crossbows
    - Haunted Harvester's Staff
    - Haunted Harvester's Blade
    - Haunted Harvester's Wand

### In-Game Content Schedule

- Reset times have been changed to Thursday (6:00 UTC) for all regions. This will impact the following:
    - Quests
    - Guild Quests
    - Dimensional Contract Tokens
    - NPC sale restrictions
    - Gate of Infinity
    - Weekly Rewards
    - Arena
    - Seasonal Event
    - Battle Pass
    - Store Specials
    - Item expiration dates

### Gameplay

- The following friendly players are shown on the minimap:
    - Player's guild and friendly guilds
    - Party members
    - Friendly top rank players
- Increased the PvP area for the following Conflict Field Boss events:
- Morokai, Chernobog, Talus, Grand Aelon, and Adentus
- Increased the timer for Conflict Boss reward drops. Rewards stay bound to the original owner for 10 minutes and become available for everyone afterwards for 1 minute.
- Crystal drops from Co-Op Dungeon Bosses and Elite monsters are no longer distributed to party members based on contribution and instead have an equal chance to be acquired by all party members.
- Added new profile frame feature. This can be set in the Mirror Boutique > Profile Settings.
- Sundries Crafters now offer Weapon Chests and Armor Chests. These items were originally craftable from the Weapon Crafters and Armor Crafters.
- After claiming rewards from an Amitoi expedition, the previous roster will be selected for the next expedition.
- The following previously restrictive cooking ingredients are now more widely available from additional sources. They’ve also been renamed to be more inclusive of where they come from:
    - Terror Bird Meat to Bird Meat
    - Desert Wild Game to Bland Meat
    - Forest Wolf Meat to Thick Meat
    - Black Pig Pork to Chewy Meat

### Dungeons

- Completing a dungeon through the Random matchmaking option will now provide special rewards when claiming the final boss chest:
    - 1-Star Dimensional Soul Shard Selection Chest
    - You’ll also have a chance to receive 1x Dimensional Essence: Salvation.

### Chat

- Added a Chat Window icon where players can add another chat window.
    - You can create more than one chat window at a time to view multiple tabs at once.
    - You can resize each chat window by dragging the edges with your mouse.
    - The extra windows can also be repositioned and locked in place.
- Added a chat lock button.

### UI

- The following now display acquisition information in their tooltips:
    - Amitoi
    - Guardians
    - Morphs
- Selecting Usage on cooking ingredients will now display Cooking recipes that contain it.
- Added a visual indicator for skills that can be charged on your combat bar. When the shortcut key/button is held, the associated skill icon will fill up.
- Improved UI locations during character customization so that UI elements don't block the view of the character.
- Removed the unnecessary third reward line from the Cooperative Dynamic Event reward UI.

### Notable Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the onboarding control buttons were always visible.
- Fixed an issue where the Adventure Codex final rewards were not displayed.
- Fixed an issue on controllers where L-Stick would move the character while the focus was on the Content Notification.
- Fixed an issue where the Friends list would disappear temporarily.
- Fixed an issue where View Codex Knowledge could display incorrect information.
- Fixed an issue that caused Kowazan and Ahzreil Riftstone encounters to reward more loot than intended.
- Fixed a rare issue that caused a crash when rendering certain particle effects.
- Fixed an issue where players in Japan could see an incorrect expiring Lucent amount and remaining expiration time.
- Fixed an issue where user privacy settings in game could be out of sync from AG ID website settings, causing user changes to fail or have the game not respect AG ID account settings.
- Fixed an issue that caused Parties to unexpectedly disband during content.

## XBOX SERIES X|S AND PLAYSTATION 5 (CONSOLE ONLY)

- Improved the behavior of the retry button inside Taedal's Tower. Holding down Y now opens the retry window and pressing Y again will Retry.
- Improved the gamepad UX inside the following:
    - Leveling Log
    - Auction House
    - Character Customization
    - Ring Menus
    - Guild Search
    - Rankings
    - Secret Dungeon
    - Added the lock-on toggle on/off option in the Settings.
    - The Option button can toggle show/hide the tooltips.