# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.5.0
## Update 10/30/24
THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.5.0 downtime will begin at 10:30 p.m. PT (5:30 a.m. UTC) on October 30 and last approximately 6 hours. It includes the Battle Pass: Phantom Tracker’s Star, new Epic reward selection chests for Field Bosses, and various bug fixes.

Check out the full release notes, broken down by platform, below.

## ALL PLATFORMS
### Shop Updates
- The Battle Pass: Phantom Tracker’s Star season will start on October 31, featuring new emotes, an Amitoi, and an outfit, among other useful items and materials for your journeys in Solisium!
- The Lucent shop has been updated with a new outfit, morph, and Amitoi to match your seasonally spooky vibe.
### General
- Field Boss: Increased the rate of boss portal scaling to the amount of players participating, providing more instances to spread players between fights and increase individual chances to earn contribution rewards.
- Field Boss: Added Epic reward selection chests that have a chance of being acquired when receiving participation rewards for Field Boss contribution. These boxes allow players to select from any of the Epic items that boss has a chance of dropping.
- Dungeon: Death's Abyss: Fixed an issue that allowed Karnix to be defeated by gravity.
- Combat: The crowd control immunity gauge will now fill more quickly when players are targeted with multiple crowd control effects at the same time.
- Adventure Codex: Increased the amount of experience awarded from completing Adventure Codex objectives.
- Event Dungeons: Active party recruitment posts or matchmaking queues for special event dungeons will now cancel automatically if the event dungeon ends before recruitment is fulfilled.
- Items: Equipment Tooltips: New option added to preview an item's stats at maximum enhancement.
- Guilds: The Guild window now displays a guild's overall Guild Points, as well as the amount of Guild Activity Points and individual Guild Member Activity Points that contribute to it.
- Quests: Chapter 6: Restoring the Heart: Golem's Heart inspection now properly displays the second label.
- Crafting: Added crafting recipes for Queen Bellandir and Tevent equipment items.
- Chat: Customized chat tabs now remain in place if you leave a group or guild.
- Guilds: Creating guilds with multiple characters on the same account no longer defaults those guilds to Friendly.
- Movement: Characters now have a tighter turning radius when changing direction using mouse/keyboard controls.
- Localization: Applied latest localization updates, including the correction of several untranslated strings.
- Controller: Multiple controller functionality improvements for navigating menus and gameplay interactions.
- Arch Bosses: Fixed a rare issue that caused a crash during the Queen Bellandir event.
- Dynamic Events: Requiem of Light, Festival of Fire: Completing the final tier of these events should now grant personal completion rewards.
- Items: The Grin Reaper outfit now properly changes the boot color when dyed for all body types.
### UI
- Chat: Added two more customizable tabs to the chat interface, increasing the total to three.
- Health Bars: Character health bars now display the amount of shielding granted by skills.
- Targeting: Slightly increased the size of the UI indicator for currently selected targets.
- Stellar Vision: Added number indicators to the target list in the Stellar Vision window.
- Party Matchmaking: Window now retains previous settings when re-opened.
- Console UI: Multiple menu and UI improvements for the console UI experience.

## Effected Files

- pakchunk100-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1002-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk1003-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk-Localization.pak
- pakchunk102-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1002-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk0-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk-Localization-es.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-ko.sig
- pakchunk0-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk-Localization.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-pt.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-fr.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-ja.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-de.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-en.sig
- pakchunk-Localization-es-419.sig
- pakchunk102-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- global.ucas
- global.utoc
- pakchunk0-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk0-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk3-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk9-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk100-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk100-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk101-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk102-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk1000-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1001-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1001-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk1002-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1003-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1004-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.pak
- pakchunk1004-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk1005-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.ucas
- pakchunk-Localization-de.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-en.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-es.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-es-419.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-fr.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-ja.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-ko.pak
- pakchunk-Localization-pt.pak
- pakchunk1002-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk3-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk1005-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk1-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk9-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk1000-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk101-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk102-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk1004-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig
- pakchunk1004-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.utoc
- pakchunk100-WindowsNoEditor_7_P.sig