# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.6.0
## Update 11/6/24
THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.6.0 downtime will begin at 10:30PM PT (5:30AM UTC) on November 6 and last approximately 2 hours. It includes stability and back-end service improvements. Check out our Haunted Harvest community showcase, plus a preview of what to expect in the first Tax Delivery and Castle Siege events. We’ve also compiled some of your most impressive achievements since launch.

## HAUNTED HARVEST COMMUNITY SHOWCASE

Thanks to everyone that participated in our Haunted Harvest Community Showcase. Look forward to future showcases and contests on the THRONE AND LIBERTY Discord.

The THRONE AND LIBERTY Discord server was built for Amazon Games staff members to host events, townhalls, AMAs, and talk to the community. Say hello, meet other players, and provide feedback on how to make Solisium better for every type of player. Guilds are another major aspect of Discord engagement.

To find the right group, first ask yourself what type of guild would you enjoy the most. Want to focus on specific game modes? There’s a guild for that. How about leaderboards? There’s a guild for that too. Now think about what you’re most excited about in THRONE AND LIBERTY. There’s a guild for that, if you want to create it. Gather players with shared interests, goals, or something else entirely for an even more satisfying experience.

## First Month in Solisium
We’re happy to share some notable stats since the start of your journey and can’t wait to see what you’ll accomplish next.

## Tax Delivery Event
Now that all First Defenders have been selected, the reigning guild may schedule the Tax Delivery event for their server.

Reigning guilds may schedule a Tax Delivery between 2PM and 1 AM local server time.
To check when the Tax Delivery event is scheduled, open up your Map and then check the Timetable under Daily.
Tax Delivery is a major guild event where the reigning guild must protect a caravan of taxes acquired from their territory. If the reigning guild successfully transport their spoils from Vienta Village to Stoneguard Castle, they’ll receive a generous bounty of Lucent and Sollant. However, if an attacking player thwarts the delivery, the rewards will instead be distributed to every participant outside of the First Defenders’ Alliance.

Each Tax Delivery begins with the reigning guild selecting a member to become the Tax Delivery Golem. Capitalize on powerful abilities as the Titan Cargo to fend off the seemingly endless onslaught of players that will stop at nothing for a piece of the prize. Communication and coordination between the reigning guild can make or break a delivery.

Attacking guilds must destroy the Titan Cargo Sealing Stone. Fortunately, they have the ability to contend with the might of the Titan Cargo through barriers, bomb carriers, Archeum Knights, and the fearsome debuffs of the Chaos Golem.

How will you prepare to stop, or secure, the Tax Delivery?

## Castle Siege Event
The first Castle Siege event will commence on November 17.

As the siege begins, guilds have 45 minutes to achieve victory. Attackers must storm the castle, breach its fortified gates, and capture the throne room. Defenders, transported inside the castle at the start, must hold their ground, leveraging every resource at their disposal to repel the invaders. If the throne is contested when the timer runs out, the siege enters a tense 3-minute overtime, where the battle's outcome hangs in the balance.

Strategic locations like Siege Ruins play a crucial role. Capturing these ruins not only provides teleportation and resurrection points, but also allows attacking guilds to summon powerful Siege Golems. Each golem — whether it’s the Stone Crasher, Battle Carrier, Gate Hammer, or Jump Attacker — brings unique abilities to the battlefield, from devastating castle walls to transporting players over them.

Attackers must navigate the castle's intricate layout, using environmental elements like the sewage system for surprise ambushes or operating gate levers to control access points. The Pillage Stones and Resurrection Stones scattered throughout the battlefield add another layer of strategy, offering opportunities to steal resources or reinforce their position. While most guilds will focus on taking power in the throne room, these 5 Pillage Stones can be captured by any attackers to snatch Sollant and Lucent from the Castle Vault, even if the reigning guild maintains control.

No matter your strategy, all tactics will converge at the throne. There can only be one champion of Stoneguard Castle. Form alliances to rule together or betray your way to the top.