# THRONE AND LIBERTY UPDATE 1.7.0
## Update 11/13/24
THRONE AND LIBERTY Update 1.7.0 downtime will begin at 10:30 p.m. PT (6:30 a.m. UTC) on November 13 and last approximately 4.5 hours. With the frightful conclusion of Haunted Harvest comes the start of Arena Season One. Reach higher ranks for unique rewards like a seasonal title, plus themed Dash, Glide, and Swim morphs.

Check out the full release notes, including changes to Peace-mode world boss access portals, UI, and more below.

## General
- Guilds that have control of Stoneguard Castle can now schedule Tax Deliveries.
- Haunted Harvest is now over. Thanks to everyone that participated!
- Arena Season One is now live. Ready your weapons as the rankings reset for a fresh climb to the top of the ladder.
- Event Times: Regions with Daylight Savings Time changes (Europe and North America) have had their hourly event schedules adjusted to return events to the pre-time change hours.
- For Peace-mode world boss spawns, new access portals will now appear at the entrance of open world dungeons to transport players to the boss location and avoid Night and Eclipse effects.
- Weekly Mission rewards adjusted to once again reset during the weekly maintenance window.
- Accounts with negative Lucent balances will no longer be able to receive Lucent distributions from their guild.
- Equipment: Extract items can now be compared with equipped gear to view the effective changes of applying the extract.
- Equipment: The default keybind for viewing a piece of equipment at max enhancement is now ALT+G.
- Skills - Dagger: Fixed an issue that caused the effect from the passive skill Assassin Step to carry over when changing weapons.
- Combat: Enhanced the visual effects for Heavy Attacks.
## UI
- Exiting a popup with the ESC key while viewing your inventory no longer closes the Inventory screen.
- Fixed an issue when opening multiple selection chests that reset the quantity opened to 1 when clicking to confirm.
- Applied the latest localization strings to correct various text length issues.